Come on, show us.
Actually, I did bring her something.
Just one second.
Sarah, how do you didn't have to do that?
Mom.
What's that, honey?
Why is she here?
Do you mean Courtney?
Our families are close friends.
I thought you guys were both very close.
You were.
Mm.
She made this herself.
What?
Oh, gosh.
No.
No, no, no.
That's right.
This was ripped by a hand.
Who did this?
What are you talking about?
You're the one that brought it?
Is this some joke you actually expect our mother to wear?
That's-
Shut up, Sam.
She didn't do this while my son made myself.
Please.
She couldn't actually make a dress like that.
We know you like her, but this is ridiculous.
Alright.
I'll just have to make it again.
In front of your-